Changes to extcodehash (#1818)
vyperlang/vyper: docs/types.rst

Member           Description
===============  =========================================================
``balance``      Query the balance of an address. Returns ``wei_value``.

> ``codehash``     Returns a ``bytes32`` keccak of the code at an address, or ``EMPTY_BYTES32`` if the account does not exist or is empty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``codehash``     Returns the ``bytes32`` keccak of the code at an address, or ``EMPTY_BYTES32`` if the account does not currently have code. Please note that certain operations (such as ``SELFDESTRUCT``) may affect the value this attribute provides.
```
